MFW-1151: Add docs and sample queries for IDS Analytics (#9515)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/magic-firewall/tutorials/graphql-analytics.md

# GraphQL Analytics

> Use the GraphQL Analytics API to review data for Magic Firewall network traffic related to rules matching your traffic. This contains both rules you configured in the Magic Firewall dashboard, and the rules managed by Cloudflare as a part of [MFW Managed rules](/magic-firewall/how-to/enable-managed-rulesets/) and [MFW IDS](/magic-firewall/about/ids/) features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the GraphQL Analytics API to review data for Magic Firewall network traffic related to rules matching your traffic. This contains both rules you configured in the Magic Firewall dashboard, and the rules managed by Cloudflare as a part of [Magic Firewall Managed rules](/magic-firewall/how-to/enable-managed-rulesets/) and [Magic Firewall IDS](/magic-firewall/about/ids/) features.
```

### Obtain the rule ID for a firewall rule

> To construct queries to gather analytics for a particular rule, you need the rule ID for each firewall rule.

Reviewer 2: Should this be firewall and IDS rule, or made more generic?

}
}
```

### Obtain IDS analytics

> Use the example below to display the total number of packets and bits for the top 10 traffic streams that MFW IDS has detected in the last hour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the example below to display the total number of packets and bits for the top 10 traffic streams that Magic Firewall IDS has detected in the last hour.
```

> By setting verdict to drop and outcome as pass, we are filtering for traffic that was marked as a detection (i.e. verdict was drop) but was not dropped (i.e. outcome was pass). This is because currently, MFW IDS only detects malicious traffic but does NOT drop the traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By setting `verdict` to `drop` and `outcome` as `pass`, we are filtering for traffic that was marked as a detection (i.e. verdict was drop) but was not dropped (for example, outcome was `pass`). This is because currently, Magic Firewall IDS only detects malicious traffic but does not drop the traffic.
```

For each stream, display the:

> - Source and destination IP addresses
> - Ingress Cloudflare data centers that received it
> - Total traffic volume in bits and packets received within the hour

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Source and destination IP addresses.
- Ingress Cloudflare data centers that received it.
- Total traffic volume in bits and packets received within the hour.
```

```graphql
query{
    viewer {
      accounts(filter: {accountTag: "<ACCOUNT_ID>"}) {
        magicIDPSNetworkAnalyticsAdaptiveGroups(
        filter: {
            datetime_geq: "2022-01-12T10:00:00Z",
            datetime_leq: "2022-01-12T11:00:00Z",
            verdict: drop,
            outcome: pass
  }
        limit: 10,
        orderBy: [avg_packetRateFiveMinutes_DESC])
        {
            sum {
              bits
              packets
            }
            dimensions {
              coloCity
              ipDestinationAddress
              ipSourceAddress
            }
        }
    }
}
}
```

> Alternatively, to see all traffic that was analyzed, but grouped into malicious traffic and other traffic, the example below can be used. The response will contain two entries for each 5 minute timestamp. verdict will be set to drop for malicious traffic, and verdict will be set to pass for traffic that did not match any of the IDS rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, to inspect all traffic that was analyzed, but grouped into malicious traffic and other traffic, the example below can be used. The response will contain two entries for each five minute timestamp. `verdict` will be set to `drop` for malicious traffic, and `verdict` will be set to `pass` for traffic that did not match any of the IDS rules.
```

Reviewer: Inspect was used here for inclusion purposes
